doc: add notes about non-conforming streams (#29895)
nodejs/node: doc/api/stream.md

[API for Stream Consumers][] section). Doing so may lead to adverse side effects
in application code consuming the stream.

> It is highly discouraged to override any public method. As well as emitting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly discouraged to override any public method or to emit
```

> `'error'` events manually through `.emit(err)` instead of using API provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`'error'` events manually through `.emit(err)` instead of using API-provided
```

> `'error'` events manually through `.emit(err)` instead of using API-provided

Reviewer 2: > We also do not have "internal" events, so it's even more difficult to prevent any such usage.

I think that @BridgeAR was referring to "stream events" not only `'errors'` but also `'data'`, `'finish'`, `'end'`, `'close'`, etc.

Author: I see. Not sure what to do with that though? Should I add "internal events" to the paragraph?

callbacks or `.destroy(err)`. Doing so can break current and future stream

> invariants leading to behaviour and/or compatibility issues with other streams,

Reviewer: Our style guide specifies US English spellings for consistency.

```suggestion
invariants leading to behavior and/or compatibility issues with other streams,
```

> stream utilities and user expectations.

Reviewer: Our style guide recommends serial commas.

```suggestion
stream utilities, and user expectations.
```

[API for Stream Consumers][] section). Doing so may lead to adverse side effects
in application code consuming the stream.

> It is highly discouraged to override any public method such as `write()`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid overriding public methods such as `write()`,
```

(If you accept this suggestion, you'll need the one for the next line too.)

> It is highly discouraged to override any public method or to emit any internal

Reviewer 3: List which methods just like events? And how about prepend a "parent" on the "public method"?

Author: What do you mean by "parent"?

Author: Added method examples.

> `end()`, `cork()`, `uncork()`, `read()` and `destroy()`, or to emit any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`end()`, `cork()`, `uncork()`, `read()` and `destroy()`, or emitting an
```

> through `.emit(err)` instead of using API provided callbacks or

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
through `.emit(eventName)` instead of using API provided callbacks or
```

> manually through `.emit()`. Doing so can break current and future stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
through `.emit()`. Doing so can break current and future stream
```

> `.destroy(err)`. Doing so can break current and future stream invariants

Reviewer 5: Maybe: `instead of using API calls and API provided callbacks`.

Author: I just removed that part. It just makes things confusing.

Reviewer 5: Ok then.

invariants leading to behavior and/or compatibility issues with other streams,

> stream utilities and user expectations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stream utilities, and user expectations.
```
